welcome to Harvard Law School ladies
let's go around the table we've report
who you are and why you're occupying a
place that could have gone to a man I'm
Ruth Bader Ginsburg my husband is in the
secondary class and why are you here
mrs. Ginsburg to learn more about his
work so I can be a more patient and
understanding wife the laws has women
stay home men go to work but all people
must be treated equally do you think you
can change the country we should look to
her generation they're taking to the
streets what if you got hurt or rent mom
it's a rally not a riot don't where she
gets her stubbornness can't imagine the
discrimination on the basis of sex is
legal we needs right this wrong
let's topple the whole damn system of
discrimination
[Music]
she thinks gender equality is a civil
right
these laws are obstacles to our
children's aspiration if you lose you
will set the woman's moving back ten
years you don't get to tell me when to
quit
get your emotions in check you first
you've been ready for this your whole
life there is no aspect of the law at
which you can be bested the word woman
does not appear even once in the US
Constitution nor does the word freedom
your honor
[Music]